Add workarounds to remote quickstart (#785)
k0rdent/docs: docs/quickstarts/quickstart-2-remote.md

Before proceeding, make sure your management cluster meets the following requirements:

> 1. Increase filesystem limits by adding the following to `/etc/sysctl.conf`:

Reviewer: I think for now it would be better to document increasing filesystem limits as a known issue with a recommended workaround on a separate page, rather than including it as a prerequisite.

    ```bash
    fs.inotify.max_user_instances=8192
    fs.inotify.max_user_watches=524288
    ```

    Then set `systemd` limits:

    ```bash
    sudo tee -a /etc/systemd/system.conf <<EOF
    DefaultLimitNOFILE=1048576
    EOF

    sudo tee -a /etc/systemd/user.conf <<EOF
    DefaultLimitNOFILE=1048576
    EOF
    ```

    Next set the OS limits:

    ```bash
    sudo tee -a /etc/security/limits.conf <<EOF
    * soft nofile 1048576
    * hard nofile 1048576
    EOF
    ```

    Finally, apply and reboot:

    ```bash
    sudo systemctl daemon-reexec
    sudo systemctl daemon-reload
    sudo reboot
    ```

1. A [default storage class](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/change-default-storage-class/) is configured on the management cluster to support Persistent Volumes.  For example:

    ```bash
    helm repo add openebs https://openebs.github.io/openebs
    helm repo update

    helm install openebs openebs/openebs \
      --namespace openebs \
      --create-namespace

>     kubectl patch storageclass openebs-hostpath \

Reviewer: I’ve tested the `openebs` Helm chart installation using the default configuration from the guide, and it appears that not all components come up successfully (some pods enter a crash loop). In addition, the Helm installation can remain stuck waiting for certain components to become ready. This is likely due to configuration differences, so I think it would be better to avoid being too prescriptive here. Instead of providing direct installation instructions for `openebs`, it may be clearer to simply reference the official documentation. This would reduce potential confusion for users during setup.

Suggestion: make this step more flexible and less prescriptive. For example:

A Kubernetes storage solution should be deployed on the management cluster, and a default StorageClass should be configured to support PersistentVolumes. One possible option is OpenEBS (see https://openebs.io/docs/quickstart-guide/installation for a quickstart guide).

To set a StorageClass as the default, run:

```
kubectl patch storageclass <storageClassName>
      -p '{"metadata": {"annotations":{"storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class":"true"}}}'  
```

      -p '{"metadata": {"annotations":{"storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class":"true"}}}'  
    ```

> 1. Make sure the key you will use to log in as root exists on the child machines.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
1. Make sure that the SSH key you will use to log in as root is properly configured and authorized on all child machines.
```
